Today I want to, so I decided I had to come.
here are some things for you
today we will have another video
19 hours and do not rest beauty
the following is the news I have
It's for you and that ours there it will be
late or late I do not know
is the following not only will now begin at 18
36 and a half before it was 19 at 7 o'clock normal
yes of the night sectors of the night 19 hours and
now is the half past eight because because
An unforeseen happened and I need
finish live until 8 o'clock yes then
It's going to be a way there and it's going to be six
and thirty to eight o'clock in the evening
on April 24 beauty I want to see all
world here or second time I have
To give and how God is not Pichette Galera.
hatch models now it's harnessed
then twitter instagram the snapfish are
all arroba visited followed me the three and
add the 327 add twitter
instagram followed lami 5 806 that I
I was very happy and the last thing I
I had to warn you a lot.
important is that now the fish of the
twitter group before me canal in
hiroshima page on facebook I do not
I really liked the pj that it lacked a
thing of the hour and now yes guys I do not even
Went facebook now did well for the
twitter
he is looking for daily washing things
things about yesterday for example has
a heat video about which book
scales on the same day came a quiz for
eg how many people lipstick village to
all in the video one thing interested
and respond to us already think of some
curiosity prize for people
they forget that they answered questions without
to talk about what we can in them
and we can warn you that eggs in the
my twitter there was no place just in
thesis of the channel so please do not
only the channel is the clothes three debitá tu
It will all be in the application and now
asking her to be very important
message follow why many side
information for example today in the case
I told her she was going to start at six-thirty
because I actually made this video if
I did not have more about isner jet to
and I would not have been able to
I would have warned you only in the
fish is so I need you to
a fish because side much warning and that
half of those enrolled will not go
understand if they do not follow the page is
That's it, there's 1867 twitter and
instagram robe tact and at channel request
which is the page clothes charged on twitter
beauty and second in all networks
That's where the game goes.